- big ass at the way man let me do my
thang Hema yeah you talkin you you
trying to build smoke like this bitch
yeah hello goose shut up fuck the way we
do we change up the damn the set bitch
don't ask on a slant bitch oh the games
like this bitch okay
Cyrus emails cottage cheese casein
protein before bed we say said dick
cheese cottage cheese man that's bread
email me share this with everybody big
hail come up over and read the same G
time take your time
it's crazy
Tyler's email cut the cheese kissing
protein forbid a try this cheese huh
mm-hmm
dick cheese forbid I love you guys and
your vice no homo I've been watching you
guys for almost two years now we've been
on YouTube a long that's crazy
oh yes feels like you guys are family
yeah I guess you guys inside your
household I'm looking for even more ways
to make some more gains though I've seen
two men thinking about jumping on some
crazy I've seen a lot of people even the
Barry Mason
okay shut up man I've seen a lot of
people even the great zest saying they
eat cottage cheese a few minutes before
they go to bed does this help with
anything I remember some time ago on the
video you guys said not to eat two to
three hours before bed because it messes
with your insulin a growth hormone spike
we caught a lot of shit for that damn
video I still we still catching shit for
it I still believe in it
I still think it's true something like
that y'all y'all know what I'm saying
thanks for the advice
you guys are motivation and funniest
fuck a man we all motivation shout out
from the world Jam 4th Avenue in Yuma
Arizona
crazy just crazy is that a Border Patrol
out there anyway car cheese for bed now
the theory is is the people that like to
take a casein protein or cottage cheese
for bed so soda get some protein
you don't want to eat this shit right
you don't want to eat this shit you keep
him from going kind of by late at night
that's what he did shit man look here
man because there's a slow digesting
protein look so if you eat that right
before you go sleep right right before
you go sleep right what's gonna happen
is that shit digest as slowly so you got
a you always do a token man ho get us
fucking care of a bitch that's the whole
theory but it says slow dad is potent
you will stay have some protein yeah
this is it the old fuck off me beat us
yo fucking ass this bean you must look
at Man 3 is think she gonna call you
lot of people doing it Go Go catabolic
why are you sleeping man no that's the
theory behind it you get the same effect
from me like you know solid foods like
chicken
you like that right but the thing is
this gonna help you feed the muscles
overnight kept your muscles grow I mean
if you're a natural bodybuilder man I
mean you go ahead and do it
it ain't no help at all unless you just
totally ain't ate the whole fucking day
and your body needs something to help
build muscle you know I'm saying but if
you got a good nutritional plan
throughout the day you getting your food
and calories by the time you sleeping at
night man you should have the energy
your body needs you have no I'm saying
yeah yeah total man but you're not gonna
go catabolic at night that was the
belief that you go care about good night
it was just a ploy to sell I think no
casein protein a lot of us bought into
it but I fast for 16 hours a day
yeah have only eight hour even window I
don't fucking go counter I stopped
eating in front of six o'clock yes I
know we must sleep lemon lemon any shit
six hours yeah I don't Phunk oak embolic
got all kind of catabolism you my
nightmare tablets oh is that what's cool
count the ass when you your body's just
countable is this when you eat nothing
motherfuckers in we all came up with a
new word catabolic ISM yeah like I
preach it to you all the time but time
you lay your head on your pillow at
night if you got all the calories and
protein your body needs to build muscle
whether you got it in one big meal early
in the fucking day or you got it right
for you once sleep so long as that's
done by the time you lay your head on
the pillow at night you good man you
ain't going cap you oh oh this is just
advice do it oh fuck do you wanna do